client indicates it is their turn
client shows initiative
client shows that it is rerolling initiative between rounds
gm shows current player
gm sorts by initiative
client prompts rolls
	who initiates the prompt?
	does it have to be your turn to do this if player initiates?
client allows entering the result of rolls
client sends result of roll back to gm
gm shows result of client roll
	forever?
	the last roll?
gm can easily add lethal damage to a player
gm can easily add nonlethal damage to a player
gm can easily add custom conditions to a player
	this means a name and the effect it has
	for example plus one to attack rolls


i'm the gm
i want ross to roll a reflex save
i click reflex save on morgana
the modal has a button that says "prompt roll"
	i need a reflex save modal
	the reflex save modal doesn't actually allow you to change the reflex roll
	because the value for the reflex roll bonus comes from other components
	the reflex roll bonus is entirely derived
	one of those components might be an arbitrary condition
	so the modal so far just has a button that says prompt roll
	maybe it also has the previous rolls?
	does the modal stay up while waiting for the roll result?
	that actually makes sense
	it could have a place to put the value to roll against
	you wouldn't send this to the client, but you could flash their client red or green
i click the button to "prompt roll"
	the button is disabled if nobody has morgana open as their active character
	how does that work with ross, eidy, and morgana
	this implies a message may come into the server saying ross has opened morgana
	which changes the state of the server
	which causes the ui to re-render
	which enables the button
if so, it tells that client to prompt a reflex roll of 1d20 plus their reflex bonus
	if ross closes morgana while this message is in flight
	the client could force ross to open morgana
		but then why does it choose ross instead of someone else
			because ross is the client that the message was sent to
			the server could track who _last_ opened a character
			this seems crappy and implicit
			there should be a button on the character list that says claim
			and clients should have a place to put their name with a debounce that broadcasts it to everyone
the client opens a modal over whatever screen ross' client is on
	the modal says "Do a reflex save!"
	it describes what to roll
	it has an input box to type the result
	it has a button that says roll for me that math.random
	it has a button to submit
	the input makes sure the entered value is an integer
	upon submission the client waits for the response from the server against the checked value
	and changes color based on miss or hit

when ross clicks submit
the gm players screen
	has an integrated log that shows the roll result?
	shows the roll on the player sheet somehow?
	opens a modal with the role result?
		i don't like opening modals from something other than user actions
	
attacker
	dc 13 stunning fist
defender
	rolls fortitude + 1, must beat 13

2-21
wins on 14-21
14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21
1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8
8 * 5 = 40% success for defender
60% success for attacker

defender
	fortitude 11
attacker
	rolls d20+3, must beat 11

4-23
winds on 12-23
12 * 5 = 60% success for attacker
40% success for defender

opposed d20 rolls can be swapped

roll attack roll d20 + bonus to hit
try to beat static AC

1d20+3 trying to beat 14
4 - 23


d20 + n to beat threshold
	we can swap who defines the threshold with who rolls
d20 + n to beat d20 + n
	is someone always setting the threshold here?
